README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi, I'm Bhavya Pandya 👋</h1>

<p align="center">
Data Analytics Graduate Student @ LIU<br/>
Focused on Machine Learning, Applied Data Science, and Analytics Systems
</p>

---

## 🚀 What I Work On
I build **end-to-end data science and machine learning projects** — from data preprocessing and feature engineering to modeling, evaluation, and deployment.

My work focuses on **practical ML systems**, statistical reasoning, reinforcement learning, and analytics that support real decisions.

---

## 🧠 Core Technical Skills
- **Programming:** Python, SQL, R  
- **Machine Learning:** Logistic & Linear Regression, Decision Trees, CNNs, Time-Series Models, Reinforcement Learning (PPO)  
- **Data Science:** EDA, Feature Engineering, Model Evaluation  
- **Visualization:** Power BI, Matplotlib, Seaborn  
- **AI Concepts:** Search Algorithms (BFS, DFS, A*, Minimax), Bayesian Networks  
- **Tools:** Scikit-Learn, TensorFlow, Pandas, Git, Streamlit, Jupyter  

---

## 📌 Selected Projects

### 📰 Fake News Detection — Applied Machine Learning
<img src="Fake-News-Detection-app/assets/dashboard.png" width="450"/>

End-to-end text classification system comparing classical ML and deep learning approaches.  
Focus on **data preprocessing, model evaluation, and deployment**.  
🔗 https://github.com/bhavya-data-analysis/Fake-News-Detection-app

---

### 📈 RL-Forex — Reinforcement Learning Trading Agent
<img src="rl-forex/assets/trading-results.png" width="450"/>

Reinforcement learning agent for simulated forex trading using PPO.  
Explores **environment design, reward shaping, and policy evaluation**.  
🔗 https://github.com/bhavya-data-analysis/rl-forex

---

### 🧠 AI-680 Labs — Intelligent Agents & Search
<img src="AI-680-Lab/assets/search-tree.png" width="450"/>

Graduate-level implementations of search algorithms, game-playing agents, and probabilistic models.  
🔗 https://github.com/bhavya-data-analysis/AI-680-Lab

---

### 🌐 Data Science Portfolio Website
<img src="my-portfolio/public/images/fake-news-dashboard.png" width="450"/>

Personal portfolio showcasing ML projects and analytics case studies.  
🔗 https://github.com/bhavya-data-analysis/my-portfolio

---

### ✉️ Send-It — AI Text Intelligence Application
<img src="send-it/assets/app-ui.png" width="450"/>

AI-powered text rewriting tool focusing on applied NLP systems.  
🔗 https://github.com/bhavya-data-analysis/send-it

---

### 📊 X-Company AI Sales Dashboard
<img src="X_Company-AI-Sales-Dashboard/assets/dashboard.png" width="450"/>

Executive-style analytics dashboard tracking KPIs and performance trends.  
🔗 https://github.com/bhavya-data-analysis/X_Company-AI-Sales-Dashboard

---

## 📊 GitHub Activity

<p>
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=bhavya-data-analysis&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" />
</p>

<p>
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=bhavya-data-analysis&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" />
</p>

---

### 🐍 Contribution Graph
<p>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bhavya-data-analysis/bhavya-data-analysis/output/github-snake.svg" />
</p>

---

## 📫 Connect
- 📧 **bhavyapandya005@gmail.com**  
- 🔗 LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/bhavya-91p/  
- 💻 GitHub: https://github.com/bhavya-data-analysis

Commit message:

Revise project descriptions and add preview tables
Updated project descriptions and added previews for clarity.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi, I'm Bhavya Pandya 👋</h1>

<p align="center">
Data Analytics Graduate Student @ LIU<br/>
Focused on Machine Learning, Applied Data Science, and Analytics Systems
</p>

---

## 🚀 What I Work On
- Building **end-to-end data science and machine learning projects** — from data preprocessing and feature engineering to modeling, evaluation, and deployment.  
- Performing **data analysis and exploratory analysis** to uncover patterns, trends, and insights from real-world datasets.  
- Developing **analytics, dashboards, and ML-driven solutions** that support practical, data-backed decision making.

---

## 🧠 Core Technical Skills
- **Programming:** Python, SQL, R  
- **Machine Learning:** Logistic & Linear Regression, Decision Trees, CNNs, Time-Series Models, Reinforcement Learning (PPO)  
- **Data Science:** EDA, Feature Engineering, Model Evaluation  
- **Data Analysis:** Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA), Data Cleaning, Statistical Analysis, Trend & KPI Analysis  
- **Visualization:** Power BI, Matplotlib, Seaborn  
- **AI Concepts:** Search Algorithms (BFS, DFS, A*, Minimax), Bayesian Networks  
- **Tools:** Scikit-Learn, TensorFlow, Pandas, Git, Streamlit, Jupyter  


---

## 📌 Selected Projects

### 📰 Fake News Detection — Applied Machine Learning
| Description | Preview |
|------------|---------|
| End-to-end NLP system for fake news classification comparing classical machine learning and deep learning approaches. Focuses on text preprocessing, model evaluation, and deployment-ready pipelines using reproducible artifacts. | _Preview coming soon_ |
🔗 https://github.com/bhavya-data-analysis/Fake-News-Detection-app

---

### 📈 RL-Forex — Reinforcement Learning Trading Agent
| Description | Preview |
|------------|---------|
| Reinforcement learning agent for simulated forex trading using PPO. Emphasizes environment design, reward shaping, and evaluation of policy behavior across different market conditions. | _Preview coming soon_ |
🔗 https://github.com/bhavya-data-analysis/rl-forex

---

### 🧠 AI-680 Labs — Intelligent Agents & Search
| Description | Preview |
|------------|---------|
| Graduate-level implementations of intelligent agents and classical AI algorithms, including informed and uninformed search, game-playing agents, and probabilistic reasoning models. | _Preview coming soon_ |
🔗 https://github.com/bhavya-data-analysis/AI-680-Lab

---

### ✉️ Send-It — AI Text Intelligence Application
| Description | Preview |
|------------|---------|
| AI-powered text rewriting application designed to transform raw user input into clearer, professional, or neutral language. Built as a user-facing NLP system with a FastAPI backend and prompt-driven logic. | _Preview coming soon_ |
🔗 https://github.com/bhavya-data-analysis/send-it

---

### 📊 X-Company AI Sales Dashboard
| Description | Preview |
|------------|---------|
| Executive-style analytics dashboard built to surface sales KPIs, performance trends, and business insights. Designed with a strong emphasis on clarity, stakeholder usability, and data storytelling. | _Preview coming soon_ |
🔗 https://github.com/bhavya-data-analysis/X_Company-AI-Sales-Dashboard

---

### 🌐 Personal Portfolio Website
| Description | Preview |
|------------|---------|
| Personal data science portfolio showcasing machine learning projects, analytics dashboards, and case studies with a recruiter-focused layout and clean visual storytelling. | _Preview coming soon_ |
🔗 https://github.com/bhavya-data-analysis/my-portfolio

## 📊 GitHub Activity

<p>
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=bhavya-data-analysis&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" />
</p>

<p>
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=bhavya-data-analysis&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" />
</p>

---

### 🐍 Contribution Graph
<p>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bhavya-data-analysis/bhavya-data-analysis/output/github-snake.svg" />
</p>

---

## 📫 Connect
- 📧 **bhavyapandya005@gmail.com**  
- 🔗 LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/bhavya-91p/  
- 💻 GitHub: https://github.com/bhavya-data-analysis
